# Author: Stanislav Ivanov

## Description of solution

I implemented it like this:<br>
on each of the 10 floors there are two call buttons indicating where the person is going to go (except for the extreme ones, since only one direction of movement is possible on them). 
In the elevator itself there are 10 buttons (since there are 10 floors), each of which is responsible for starting the movement of the elevator to its floor. 
When the elevator starts moving, music (elevator-music) plays in it. For the elevator, elevator shaft and floors, textures generated by a neural network were used.

## Technologies and libraries
nodejs version: v16.17.1<br>
ng version: 14.2.10<br>
fontawesome - used for icons on elevator call buttons on floors<br>

## Elevator algorithm

There is a queue that contains invocations sorted according to the following rules: <br><br>we take the last invocation added to this queue, because only the last one added may be out of place. 
Then we check if it is the only one invocation in the queue, if it is, then we don’t change it.
We also need to see if the invocation floor is the floor of the elevator's current position, if it is, we delete it because the elevator is already there.
After that, like in the bubble sort, we begin to check the last added invocation with everyone in order, from the first in the queue to the penultimate one.
If the direction of the checked invocation coincides with the last one added, we go to check the floor to which the elevator was called. If the directions do not match, we go to compare the next invocation.
Next, we need to understand the direction of the elevator movement (Up or DOWN), whether the stop on the first invocation in the queue is later than the last one added, and whether the floor of the last added invocation is ahead in the direction of the elevator movement.
If all three answers are "True" then we move the last added invocations to the place of the one we are checking and move the row 1 unit to the right of it, and stop the checking cycle since we have already found the best position for the added invocations.

Thus, we will always have the order of the elevator stops sorted.

## Сompilation and debugging
1. `cd elevator`
2. `npm i`
3. `ng serve`
